hi guys one fold that stuff for me with
from Napoleon Hill is the way to success
the way to continue it pursuit of
knowledge and what better than to get
knowledge from the man who knows that
mr. Holton bugs with the number one
income earner in the world for
home-based business they say find
someone who has what you want and do
what they do and mr. Holden bug has
financial freedom earning over a million
dollars a month so obviously he has
something of what I want and possibly
what you guys might want and we wanted
to hear what he had to say about if you
says jump we're gonna jump if he says
right we're gonna run it he's gonna say
do 10 push-ups right now we're going to
do 10 pushes right now so I just want to
ask them a quick question touch possibly
help you guys as well which is for those
of us who might be hitting a wall or
hitting a rut who wants to take it to
the next level what one advice would you
give us to take us to the next level to
potentially get to where you are right
now well hello everyone we're we're
right here at the Black Diamond house
right here where it started for Chapman
T now remember just months ago when they
first came over and brought some pizza
invited some people and little small
presentation I shared a vision with them
and just look several months later
they're Emeril's on them with a diamond
and and and beyond and I see the work
work ethic them to have the passion that
they have and just standing here today I
mean obviously we're about to hit to the
airport so they're gonna drill before
hour and a half you know all the
knowledge that they can't get they got
me cornered I don't I can't go anywhere
it's off that's right that's right you
know the thing I'll tell you is that
when you work in the business like I
have spent 23 years I've been in this
industry and I've hit the ball several
times and when I hit the wall what I've
always focus on is getting small
successes so I can good bill my belief I
don't try to go out and hit the homerun
I won't try to go out and say hey listen
you know what
I'm frustrated I'm for Black Diamond
Xbox because just doesn't happen you
have to take those quantum leaps and
believe in order to have quantum leap
from your results so most people
don't have that configure so focus on
getting some small base hits just
something as simple as getting a
customer something as simple as having a
sign up have something as simple as
having a confirmation during the CJ and
we're doing something that will allow
you to build your confidence the best
thing I can tell you to do is that when
you hit the wall when things don't seem
like they go on the way that you want
them to go you have to surround yourself
with people that things are going for
them the way that they wanted to go and
the best place to do that is that events
you got your an oval International
Convention coming up here October in Las
Vegas we know one that section is sold
out it's going to be two events one
convention so this is not just going to
be a video screen it's going to be a
full stage live speakers I'm going to be
on most states Shane Bernie will be on
both stage as well
get yourself registered to get there
today build your belief I know some of
you feel like well I don't need the
rah-rah I can tell you right now you
know as much as I've been in this
industry and as big as more organization
yesterday and successful as our company
our team is you know what I still meet
the events don't tell me you don't need
the rah-rah because I still need the
rah-rah so I'm going to be there I'm
registered I'm going to be there in a 10
minute I'll tell you this come to the
event but don't come along I'm so
excited to have Nikita here right now
and having having her back into the gear
of getting out there making things
happen so let's go out there make it
happen ladies John remember it's easy
it's simple its coffee
you